VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Welcome to this module, Introduction to Agent Assist. In this module, you’ll be
introduced to Agent Assist, and its key features designed to help human agents
when they are in a conversation with a customer. You’ll also be equippedwith the
necessary tools to facilitate the delivery of Agent Assist’s functionalities to
your agents, subsequently empowering them to provide better, more consistent
answers to customer questions. Agent Assist is designed to make your agents’
daily workload easier, and more efficient. An example of a user who can benefit
from Agent Assist Chat, is a contact center agent in any industry within contact
center operations, such as telecommunications, healthcare, finance, or retail.
In this module you’ll learn to develop an understanding of Agent Assist’s
vision, before exploring its key features. Lastly, you’ll analyze the concept of
regionalization and its limitations with Agent Assist. Let’s get started! The
vision behind Agent Assist is to provide agents with a useful tool that provides
them with suggestions and summaries to user questions. Imagine a system that not
only learns but adapts. A system that gives your agents the right information at
the right time, every time, Agent Assist does just that! It does all of this by
utilizing its rich set of Gen AI features to absorb the skills of your top-
performing agents, and integrating them into your entire service operation.
Moreover, it operates on the understanding that every business is unique,
allowing it to customize its approach to meet business specific needs. This
ensures that the services provided are on brand with the business that it
supports. Secondly, Agent Assist harnesses the power of AI by cutting down on
repetitive tasks. This effective approach allows agents to focus on what truly
matters; delivering stronger customer support. And thirdly, Agent Assist
emphasizes proactive support through offering contextually relevant help, that
results in a boost in both productivity and effectiveness. Next, let's evaluate
the practical ways in which Agent Assist empowers human agents through the power
of AI. Imagine human call center agents equipped with a digital sidekick that
offers in-the-moment assistance, guiding them through complex customer
interactions. The core focus of Agent Assist is productivity. With Agent Assist,
your agents can handle more queries more efficiently, therefore reducing overall
cost. Think of it like having an expert whispering the right answers at the
right time, enabling agents to speed up their response times. Furthermore, Agent
Assist also ensures the quality of each interaction between agents and
customers. Now that you have a better understanding of Agent Assist’s vision and
application, it’s important to familiarize yourself with its basic resources.
These include: Conversations Conversation profiles Participants Virtual agents
And Conversation stages. Let’s unpack these in more detail, starting with
Conversations. A Conversation is a resource that represents an exchange between
two or more participants. Every time a conversation participant's utterance is
passed to Agent Assist as part of a Conversation resource, a message is created
and stored for the conversation. Furthermore, each conversation is created using
a conversation profile. Each conversation profile contains a set of parameters
that control the suggestions provided to the human agent during a conversation.
You can also configure a conversation profile for use with a virtual agent,
which auto generates a reply to the end user. These conversation profiles can be
created either by using the Agent Assist Console or by calling the API directly.
The third resource refers to the participants in a conversation. These
participants include the end user, which is the person that the agent is
conversing with, the automated agent, and the human agent. Conversational Agents
are virtual agents that you can build and configure for conversations with your
end-users. You can design your system so that end-users initially interact with
a virtual agent before being escalated to a human agent. It is also important to
note that a conversation with an end-user has multiple stages, which you’ll
analyze next. Stage 1 is known as the connection stage. During this stage, the
end-user initiates a chat dialog. The second stage is known as the virtual agent
stage, whereby the end-user is connected to a conversational agent. The virtual
agent communicates with the end-user and attempts to resolve all issues and
requests. You can set up your system to bypass the virtual agent and handoff
stages. If the virtual agent cannot resolve all end-user issues, the
conversation is handed off to a human agent during the third stage. In stage 4,
the end-user is connected to one or more human agents. During this stage, Agent
Assist supplies real-time documents and response suggestions to the human agent
that are relevant to the conversation. The fifth and final stage is where the
end-user is disconnected from the text chat. To implement Agent Assist for text-
based conversations you must integrate the Agent Assist API into your agent
desktop.