VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Welcome to Customer engagement Suite or C. S architecture. In this module,
you'll cover several topics that will help you succeed in designing, building,
and maintaining your C. S solutions architectures. You'll start with CES
resource management, where you'll learn about the infrastructure and resources
needed to set the foundation for a solid CES architecture. Then, you’ll discuss
the required steps to plan for the deployment of Agent Assist before evaluating
the different conversation participants. You’ll then shift your focus to
analyzing key architectural considerations required when planning for the
implementation of CES Insights. Finally, you’ll study CES deployment and
operations, and what this implementation looks like in both production and non-
production environments. Let’s start by analyzing the architectural resourcing
considerations for CES. This section aims to address four main objectives.
First, you’ll explore resourcing organization before identifying the main
operational environments, along with access considerations that need to be made
up front to implement CES solutions. Then, you’ll review the integrations that
can enhance CES solutions, both native in Google Cloud as well as third parties.
Thirdly, you’ll evaluate how CES fits into the Vertex AI stack. And finally,
you’ll conclude the section with a brief overview of the advantages of
leveraging the CES platform to take full advantage of Google Cloud resources.
Several factors need to be taken into account when preparing to build or
transform your contact center using CES solutions. The next topic addresses
these factors, as this is a vital part of CES resource organization. By asking
some basic questions upfront, you’ll be well positioned to understand the best
resources that require deployment to achieve the vision for your target
architecture. First, you need to consider what solutions are in scope for your
CES implementation. Secondly, are you planning to connect your customers with
your staff, and will this be done using bots? Subsequently, this begs the
following question, does your contact center need to be modernized? If so,
consider using CES Platform and Google’s Contact Center as a Service, or CCaaS.
Another key consideration is whether you would like to make use of assistive
technologies, to enable your staff do be more efficient when resolving
customer’s needs. If the answer is yes, then you might want to consider using
Agent Assist’s capabilities. Perhaps you require additional support in scaling
up your ability for self serve in your call center, and improve customer
satisfaction without increasing your staffing levels? In this case, you’ll
likely benefit from implementing Conversational Agents. Have you ever had the
need to perform deep analytics on how your customers are interacting with your
contact center? If you answered yes to this question, then look no further. With
CES Insights you have all the tools you need to derive customer, agent, and
contact center Key Performance Indicators, or KPIs. Based on your answers,
you’ll be able to determine which resources you’ll need to support these
solutions, and whether you’ll need special infrastructure to support the level
of availability and resiliency you desire. Next you’ll shift gears to an
essential consideration for organizing your CES resources: the interconnection
of your technologies. This is a critical aspect to consider as it will determine
how seamlessly your CES components can communicate and share data. To ensure
efficient and effective operations, you need to define the resources required to
support your operational environments. Once you have a clear understanding of
the resources needed, you can then map out the interconnection of your
technologies. Finally, it's important to consider how you will capture data from
your CES solution to measure operational success. This data will be essential
for tracking key performance indicators and identifying areas for improvement.
This diagram illustrates the level of connection amongst different solutions
contained in the CES portfolio. It highlights that a holistic CES solution can
encompass a combination of Telephony, Conversational Agents, and Human Agent
Assistive technologies. Moreover, you can also leverage CES Insights to analyze
your data, interact with APIs and the data layer, and connect with other
services to round out and customize your solution. The needs of the business are
ultimately what drives the decision around which solutions should be added to
your CES infrastructure. This emphasizes the need to clarify those requirements
and their potential impact in advance. Once you’ve gained buy-in from the
business on which solution can drive the most impact, you can start to set up
your operational environments. When building a CES solution, it’s important to
adhere to the strictest, and least privileged access for the underlying
resources, users, and service accounts, to preserve the security and robustness
of your architecture. This starts with knowing the difference between projects
and conversational agents within Google Cloud, and how to implement the correct
number of each for easy and consistent operations. Projects are a logical
collection of Cloud resources that delegate Identity Access Management , or IAM
access controls. The best practice is to create two projects, specifically for
CES. The first to host your non-production development and test resources, and a
second project that contains your staging and production resources. Some users
opt to have for three separate projects, one for Development, one for Staging,
and one for Production. Ultimately the decision lies with you or your client
organization, as long as it allows for a clear separation between production and
development. Conversely, conversational agents are a logical collection of
interactions targeting fulfillments that help end users get answers to their
questions. You usually only need one conversational agent to support all non-
production environments, and another to support your production environments.
Creating more than two conversational agents in the same project is generally
required only if you have a need to handle interactions for completely different
types of users or lines of business. If two conversational agents are targeting
different types of end users and are being developed or operated by different
teams, you should consider placing them in separate projects to manage their
access controls independently. This is usually done to manage access controls in
the event where different teams manage the conversational agent development and
operations. This will prevent cross-conversational agent access. Lastly, please
note that conversational agents are often referred to simply as “agents”. So
when you come across the term “agent” from a resource perspective, keep in mind
that it always refers to conversational agents rather than human agents. The
next critical decision to be made in the set up of a new operational environment
is deciding between public and private connectivity between clients and the
Conversational Agents API. When using public methods, you don’t need to set up
any additional infrastructure. The reason for this is that your Conversational
Agents client will simply connect to a Conversational Agents API endpoint, which
is public. Note that when you use this public API endpoint, this does not mean
that your Conversational Agents communications are publicly accessible. Instead,
they are encrypted with Transport Layer Security, or TLS, and use a service
account and OAuth credentials for authentication and authorization. Conversely,
private communication requires the configuration of a private interconnection to
a Google Cloud VPC. This process is a bit more complex than the public
communication as it requires the following: First is a Private Service Connect
for Google Cloud APIs to the VPC. This is to ensure the IP address for the
Private Service Connect can reach the customer’s private network. It also
requires the addition of Conversational Agents hostnames to DNS that point to
the Private Service Connect IP address. Ultimately the decision lies with you or
your clients, and are dependent on the specific circumstances of the
implementation. Most Conversational Agent implementations rely on public
communication, while those in specific industries or locations might opt for
private connectivity instead. This diagram shows an example of how both public
and private communications can flow between end users, conversational agents and
human agents. Let’s take some time to delve into the main aspects. If your
organization or the customer organization you are working with cannot use
Google’s public API endpoints, then they need to set up a private interconnect.
The private interconnect must be set up between the data center where the
organization’s chat or voice server exists and Google Cloud. In the VPC where
that interconnect lands, a Private Service Connect needs to be setup to
communicate with conversational agents. Also an internal DNS server is required
to resolve the conversational agents’ hostnames to the organization’s Private
Service Connect IP address. Next, let's discuss some details about how this can
work in your environment by taking the example of a Conversational Agent that’s
to be implemented within the solution. As mentioned previously, Conversational
Agents has public API endpoints and can use TLS, OAuth, and VPC Service Controls
to ensure privacy and security. This is usually the fastest way to send requests
to Conversational Agents and it doesn't sacrifice security. However, in
environments where private connectivity is a requirement, you can leverage a
private Interconnect to reach Conversational Agents’ APIs. If Agent Assist is in
scope, then you’ll need to determine the following: Are you implementing a
Contact Center as a Service, or CCaaS? Or are you implementing an on-premises
service that has native integration with Google CES and the Agent Assist
functionality in the Conversational Agents API? If you are implementing a CCaaS
solution, then this system will manage sharing the conversation utterances to
Conversational Agents, and it will automatically surface information to your
human agent based on the system's configuration. If Agent Assist is not in the
solution’s scope, then the incoming audio stream must be routed directly to the
Conversational Agent. There are two ways to send the audio to Conversational
Agents: The first option is to send gRPC requests to the Conversational Agents
APIs. This involves using one of Conversational Agents’ gRPC APIs designed to
handle audio input. Available APIs include: Analyze content, Detect intent,
Streaming Analyze Content, and Streaming Detect Intent. Another option is to use
the SIP Endpoint provisioned by the Google Telephony Platform (or GTP) Next,
let’s explore how you can control access to CES services and APIs. It’s very
important to follow best practices for access control to ensure your resources
are well protected by following the principle of least privilege. The backbone
of a robust access control system is Identity and Access Management, or IAM. IAM
is a framework of policies and technologies to ensure that the right users have
the appropriate access to the right resources. With IAM, you can define who has
permission to do what on which cloud resources. IAM also relies on the concept
of roles. Roles are simply bundles of permissions that define what actions a
user or service account can take on Google Cloud resources. That means a role
might contain multiple, smaller permissions that allow actions like viewing
data, launching virtual machines, or changing firewall settings. Google Cloud
offers a selection of predefined roles to quickly address typical use cases.
However, If you need very specific, fine-grained permissions, then you also have
the flexibility to create custom roles best aligned with your security policies.
At the beginning of your journey toward building a CES solution, it is
recommended that you create the following groups where relevant. If you’re
developing Virtual Agents, the primary agent configurations should be managed by
your developer operations team, also known as the “VA Ops Group” with its own
role. Your team of conversation developers, or “VA Flow Devs”, require the
ability to edit flows with a separate role from the VA Ops Group. Similarly,
anyone developing webhooks within Google Cloud, also referred to as the “VA
Webhook Devs”, will need a variety of roles depending on which technologies you
choose to use. The most common role the Webhook devs need is the Cloud Run
Administrator role. However, they’ll also need to receive the Conversational
Agents Webhook Admins role so that they can configure agent webhooks. When you
assign IAM roles to these groups, access to Cloud resources is granted to all
the users who are members of it. For Agent Assist, your developers, the “AA
devs” group, will have both the Conversational Agents Admin role but also the
PubSub Admin role, due to the importance PubSub plays in Agent Assist. When it
comes to Insights, your CES Analysts, the CES analysts group, typically receives
the BigQuery admin and Contact Center Insights Editor roles. Please note that
these are some of the main recommended roles, and your final list will vary
depending on precise requirements and restrictions. Similarly, If you are
deploying CES services through the CES Platform, then assign the CES Platform
Admin role to a “CES-Admins Group”. To assign additional access controls for CES
Platform users, you can use the CES Platform Portal. In the next section you’ll
unpack how CES solutions integrate with other Google Cloud and third party
services. When building the operational readiness of your target infrastructure,
keep in mind that there are several Google Cloud services beyond what is
immediately available in CES. These services can greatly complement and support
CES solutions. The most popular are: Cloud Logging, Cloud Monitoring, BigQuery,
Looker Studio, Sensitive Data Protection with the Cloud DLP API, Cloud Run
functions, And Cloud Run. Let’s unpack the details of these services. Cloud
Observability is important to keep a pulse on the performance of your CES
solution. Cloud Logging supports your observability needs by enabling you to
capture log information from your cloud resources. This can greatly enhance your
ability to monitor your conversational agent interactions. Cloud Monitoring
helps you collect and observe important metrics, events, and metadata. Such
information is important when looking at the performance of CES solutions and
other associated components. The most common metrics observed are error rates
and latency, but many other Key Performance Indicators, or KPIs can be
configured. BigQuery helps you build data warehouses when you need interaction
logging and analytics for your CES solution. This can greatly advance your
ability to adapt, maintain and evolve your CES solution. BigQuery data can be
easily viewed with Looker Studio, which can help you create reports and
visualize your data. This is exceptionally important when you want to monitor
performance of the conversational agent or other CES services. Sensitive Data
Protection, and more specifically the Cloud Data Loss Prevention component, or
Cloud DLP, is a service that helps you protect and secure personally
identifiable information, or PII in your data. It achieves this by identifying
the particular PII based on a template and set of PII types. Once PII is
identified, the data can be masked, replaced, or removed. Note that when
implementing a conversational agent, it is vital to identify any parameters
collected that would be considered PII to help prevent them from being logged.
Finally, Virtual Agents can connect to systems in order to look up information
or carry out transactions. These connections to your APIs are known as webhooks.
Cloud Run functions and Cloud Run are two popular options to get webhook code up
and running and are often used with Conversational Agents. The popularity of
these options is largely due to the ease of implementation of microservices,
coupled with the elasticity to rapidly scale up and down. Other options include
Kubernetes Engine, Compute Engine, App Engine, or Apigee. Another type of
integration facilitated by CES solutions is with Telephony and Chat providers.
These are key to any successful CES implementation. Conversational Agents
provides one-click integrations with many popular vendors and technologies. And
when one click integrations don’t exist, it allows for the development of a
custom connection through CES APIs. Next you’ll explore the Vertex AI ecosystem
to understand how CES fits into it. As we’ve discovered, seamless integrations
are key to fully unlocking the business value of your CES solutions. This is
because they promote a comprehensive, end-to-end approach that removes the
friction often experienced when building legacy contact centers. They do this by
stitching different solutions together for incremental gains. When you partner
with Google Cloud for your AI needs, you get a comprehensive technology offering
built on Vertex AI. Vertex AI is a machine learning, or ML platform, that allows
you to train and deploy ML models and AI applications. Furthermore, you can also
customize large language models, also known as LLMs, for use in your AI-powered
application. The platform stack is multilayered and multipurpose. Starting at
the bottom, there’s Google’s world class AI optimized infrastructure with GPU
and TPU accelerators, fully integrated with Google Data Cloud. On top of it sits
the Vertex AI Model garden, a one stop shop to find first-party, open source and
third-party large language models. AI Platform leverages the resources from the
Model Garden to provide end-to-end tooling to build, deploy and monitor Gen AI
models and pipelines. Vertex AI Search and Conversation is the interface that
developers can then lean on to access the AI platform resources to quickly and
easily infuse chat, Gen AI, and search into their Enterprise applications. And
lastly, AI Solutions such as CES sit on top of the stack. They leverage the
Vertex AI Search and Conversation to deploy chatbots and voicebots at scale.
This means that CES takes advantage of the full stack of resources and
capabilities available in Vertex AI. In order to accommodate different use
cases, Vertex AI capabilities were made accessible both through the Vertex AI
Search and Conversation console as well as natively (or out-of-the-box) in CES.
For example, a customer that has a high level of AI proficiency, may want to
build highly customized use cases. These customers can take advantage of
independent, or “build your own” components of Vertex and assemble them
according to their needs, including: Model Garden, AI Applications, Search,
Conversation, And third-party LLMs. Other clients may be after low code or no-
code products ready for use in customer service use cases. In this instance, the
best solution for them is to leverage off-the-shelf packaged products such as:
CES Platform, Conversational Agents, Agent Assist, Or Insights. Vertex also
offers a number of pre-built solutions for specific verticals or use cases like
food ordering and financial services. Prebuilts allow you to leverage templates
that just require fine tuning to adapt to specific use cases. CES services are
the building blocks that power an AI driven contact center. In order to leverage
these services, an underlying contact center platform is needed. In this section
you will discuss the available integration options with CES and the options that
customers have when seeking to adopt CES services. Before you delve into the
details of CES integrations, let’s pause and take a quick look at some important
background information. In 2019, Google Cloud started working with the leading
ISVs to enable native integrations between their platforms and Google Cloud CES
services. This allowed customers to easily integrate with Genesys, NICE, Avaya,
Cisco, Five9, and many others. It resulted in customers being able to add
advanced conversational AI capabilities to their existing traditional contact
center infrastructure. For many this extended the life of their existing contact
center solution. However, this integration can be sub-optimal when it comes to
operation, observability as well as end to end serviceability. As a result of
this, the demand for a fully managed, native end-to-end Google Cloud solution
for Contact Centers operations originated. The solution is called CES Platform.
CES is Google Cloud's own CCaaS offering for a modern, AI-powered Contact Center
as a Service. It operates hand-in-hand with Conversational Agents, Agent Assist
for real-time guidance, as well as Insights to understand contact center
analytics, customer sentiment and trends. It also integrates seamlessly with all
the most popular CRMs and supports multiple channels such as voice, mobile and
web chat, SMS, social channels and email. The CES Platform is a great option to
pursue for streamlined setup and quick results and it’s easier to manage than a
CES integration with OEM partners. Your choice between implementing new
infrastructure and retaining your existing contact center solution will directly
influence the range of options and strategies available to you. Let’s evaluate
these different options. First, you can use the CES Platform if you’re looking
for a new Contact Center as a Service platform, or full Google-native solution.
Alternatively, you can start with Google Cloud CES today and retain the option
to easily switch platforms in the future, by opting for CES “over the top”,
which adds CES solutions AI capabilities to an existing platform. Lastly, as a
third option, you can leverage CES’s integration with OEM partners if you want
to retain your existing contact center infrastructure. Ultimately, the choice
resides with you and your customers based on existing needs and circumstances.