VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

The key architectural considerations required when planning for the
implementation of Conversational Insights will be highlighted in the following
section. This section aims to address two main objectives. First is to
understand the preliminary decisions required to plan for Conversational
Insights implementation. The second objective is to help you discover Insights
key features and how they can be integrated with Conversational Agents, Agent
Assist and other Cloud components. And the final objective is to review the
target user personas that can get the most value leveraging Insights. When
planning for a Conversational Insights implementation it’s important to ask
yourself four key questions. First, what problem does Insights solve for my
organization? Next, what features will be most valuable for my use cases? You
also need to determine how Insights integrates with other GCP components and
other CES solutions? And lastly, which user personas does Conversational
Insights solve for? Now, let’s identify the key features of Conversational
Insights, and delve into its various integration methods. Contact centers
generate large amounts of data on a daily basis in the form of call recordings,
chat transcripts, and conversation metadata. These data sets are a rich source
of crucial information, but extracting insights out of this large amount of data
can be a daunting task. This is where Conversational Insights can offer
significant value for contact center management. Conversational Insights uses
Google’s Large Language Models (or LLMs) to transform your contact center data
from insights into action. First, input data is uploaded in the form of audio
recordings or chat transcripts. Conversational Insights then converts the audio
files to text, and sends the chat and audio transcripts to Sensitive Data
Protection for processing. Within Insights, information can be extracted,
summarized, analyzed, highlighted to inform various metrics, such as customer
satisfaction, and agent quality. Topic modeling is for discovering various
topics or areas of conversations, also referred to as call drivers, between
contact center agents and end users. Highlighters capture relevant segments of a
conversation that apply to a particular area of interest. A Smart highlighter is
pre-configured with a set of phrases like, “Authentication Info”, “Check Issue
Resolved”, and “Confirm Issue Resolved”. While custom highlighters can be
created to capture any custom keywords or segments. During conversation
analysis, Insights provides sentiment analysis and LLM summarization of a
conversation. It also extracts important entities like price, and model number
to name a few. Insights console also enables users to search any conversation
based on, transcript keywords, agents, metadata, topics, highlighters,
summarization, entities and more. Such data can then be leveraged to take
action, like providing agent coaching, inform the development of a Virtual Agent
or generally improve contact centers workflows. There are multiple ways to
ingest conversations into Conversational Insights. There is a live path that
ensures that as soon as conversations are completed in Conversational Agent or
Agent Assist, they are ingested into Insights automatically. Furthermore,
integration between CES Platform and Conversational Insights can also be
enabled. Enabling this feature will allow audio files and transcripts to be sent
to a Cloud Storage bucket, which can then be used by Insights at a later stage.
You also have the option to ingest conversations by directly uploading the audio
files or transcripts in Cloud Storage bucket and then importing them when
required within Insights. All the paths to ingest conversations into Insights
use Speech-To-Text for transcription, and Sensitive Data Protection for data
redaction. Once conversations are ingested, you can apply Topic modelling, Smart
and custom highlighters, Sentiment analysis, Summarization, Entities extraction
and more features into Insights. They can then be exported to BigQuery to
connect with a custom dashboard on Looker. This exported conversation in
BigQuery can also be used as a data source to build ML models on Vertex AI.
There are several personas that can make use of the data extracted from
Conversational Insights which you’ll explore next. The first persona is the
Customer Experience Leader whose goal is to improve the customer experience with
the contact center. Their pain points include agent training and turnover, and
understanding customer history. The Customer Experience Leader’s role includes
analyzing conversations, establishing informed best practices, and discovering
new uses for GenAI. Therefore, they’ll mostly benefit from Sentiment Analysis
and LLM Summarization which showcases metrics like customer sentiment,
satisfaction, issue resolution result to name a few. The second persona is the
Contact Center Operations Manager. Their goal is to ensure that staff and tools
are in place to handle call center volume and objectives. Their pain points
include forecasting and scheduling. Ultimately the Contact Center Operations
Manager’s role is to predict workforce needs. Furthermore, their desire is to
use precise AI-based planning to reduce burnout, and to assign the correct
training courses to staff members who need them. Topic modelling, along with
metadata features like turn counts or conversation length, are great features
that appeal to this persona. The last persona is the Agent Supervisor. Their
goal is to use personalized data to help individual agents improve and boost job
satisfaction. Their pain points are real-time awareness of agent performance,
personalized coaching, and agent burnout. The Agent Supervisor’s role involves
ensuring that agents are handling conversations effectively and meeting contact
center goals. Lastly, Agent Supervisors will benefit greatly from the ability of
Insights to generate a conversation summary, create a mapping of agents and
topics successfully handled over time, and to highlight important parts of a
conversation which may include if an agent verifies a customer's account
information correctly. In this section, you’ll explore the key deployment and
operational aspects that will help you to launch your CES solution and keep it
functioning smoothly. The objective for this section is to define the key
developer operations required for release management in both production and non-
production environments. But before delving into these details, let’s start with
two key decisions for setting up a DevOps for release management. First, how
will you manage your environments for development, testing, and release? And
second, what interface will be used to differentiate between normal and
anomalous operations, and to measure performance? Let’s see how to best address
these questions. This diagram is an example of a workflow for managing
development processes within non-production environments. Take note that
multiple flows can move through this process both in parallel and independently.
This means developers and release managers can collaborate on various features
or updates simultaneously. The use of distinct environments – like draft, unit
testing, and ready to merge – supports these parallel efforts and helps to
ensure the quality and stability of the final product. By carefully overseeing
each development phase within designated environments, developers and release
managers can identify and fix issues early on. This ultimately expedites the
development process, even with multiple work streams occurring at once. The goal
is to produce a ‘golden artifact’, a thoroughly tested and validated release
candidate ready for a production deployment. Once you have your golden artifact
and it’s time to launch to production, there are two considerations you may want
to take into account. First, roll out your new version to production in a
gradual manner whenever possible. For example, by starting with 1% of the
traffic and increasing it gradually until you’re at 100%. Second, your
production environment should be fully automated, with human intervention
happening only in emergency situations, also known as a break-glass
intervention. In this module you learned about CES resource management,
including the infrastructure and resources needed to set the foundation for a
solid CES architecture. You then discussed the required steps to plan for the
deployment of Agent Assist, before evaluating the different conversation
participants. Next, you analyzed the key architectural considerations required
when planning for the implementation of CES Insights. Finally, you carefully
studied CES deployment and operations and what this implementation looks like in
both production and non-production environments.