VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Let’s take a look at the ways in which contact centers have evolved over time.
In this module you’ll explore contact centers of the past, also known as legacy
contact centers. You’ll delve into some of the challenges of these legacy
contact centers and discuss the various ways in which CES provides solutions for
them. Then, you’ll step into the future of contact centers. Here, you’ll delve
into Artificial Intelligence, or Generative AI, and how it transforms contact
center operations today. Let’s get started! Customer service is a pressured
market, looking for a new paradigm to overcome structural challenges. In most
cases, contact centers are also viewed as a cost center. Any effort devoted to
digital transformation has struggled to keep pace with the rapid innovation and
demand for customer support services which has seen a steep increase over the
last 5-10 years. The customer experience is often handled by legacy systems
stitched with incremental technologies that are not always optimally
interoperable. As a result of this, customers are often faced with challenges
that negatively impact their experience. Let’s take some time to understand
these customer challenges. The first challenge that customers face when dealing
with legacy contact centers systems is the lack of a unified experience.
Customers nowadays expect to connect with companies throughout multiple online
channels and with a consistent experience. Second is rigid decision trees.
Traditional contact center technology suffers from a lack of flexibility from
the predesigned paths. It provides experiences that are far from human like and
end up creating frustration for the user. Another obstacle is increased
expectations. Users prefer the convenience and speed of on-demand services and
answers to their questions. And lastly, there’s the issue of dropped, repeat and
unresolved calls. These lead to customers facing the frustration of repeatedly
explaining the same issue to multiple support agents. By observing these
challenges, it’s easy to derive that the customer-centric contact center was a
distant dream for many organizations. Next, let’s focus on the infrastructure
challenges that underline all this complexity. The most common of these
infrastructure challenges include legacy systems that are often neglected,
rarely upgraded, and difficult to integrate. Additionally, there is a business
logic that sits on top of these systems which is convoluted and challenging to
maintain. Thirdly, stringent infrastructure and security protocols often add
friction to transformation, given the fact that contact centers house a large
amount of personal identifiable data, or PII. Lastly, the poor interoperability
between the patchwork of systems often stitched together makes it difficult to
retrieve and analyze data effectively. Retrieving a simple piece of information
can take valuable minutes or hours, frustrating agents and customers alike.
These invisible walls – legacy systems, tangled business logic, weak security,
and data fragmentation – are the silent enemies of efficiency, agility, and
customer experience. Human agent challenges are often overlooked, but they play
a critical role in the current status quo of many contact centers. Contact
center agents often face a number of challenges that frustrate their employee
experience and are at the root of the high attrition rate in contact centers.
The first of these challenges is Productivity. Agents have to manage multiple
slow systems, and bounce between browser tabs to accurately manage customer
calls. There’s also the issue of limited flexibility, where agents are limited
in what they can say and do, and are almost always measured on this. The third
issue involves accurate context. The majority of agents attend to calls without
sufficient information about the customer’s case. As a result of this, agents
often have to start from the beginning to collect the customer’s information.
And a final challenge is data collection and documentation, where agents often
have to update multiple systems and summarize their calls in a timely manner.
Agents are the heart of a contact center, but their tools often limit their
ability to efficiently handle customer cases. By providing accurate context and
streamlined data collection, they’ll have the ability to transform their
experiences, turning them into empowered customer champions. Lastly, it is
important to mention AI challenges. AI as a concept and technology is not new in
the contact center, but few have been able to harness its full potential in the
right way. The Chatbot revolution started around 2016, when many businesses
started to heavily invest in chatbots. The first challenge that they encountered
were the underwhelming results, following overhyped promises on performance.
This is often referred to as “Chatbot hangover”. Second was maturity. Given the
novelty of the technology, many businesses were missing the required expertise
on what it takes to build a highly catered conversational experience. The third
challenge was the lack of availability or engagement of the right set of
resources. Building bots was not a trivial task, and required a deep expertise
in machine learning, linguistics and data science. However, leaders still cite
focusing on customer service as a top priority. Given all the challenges that
Contact centers faced in the past, and the critical role that Contact Centers
play in the future of enterprise; focusing on customer service by improving the
customer experience is a key priority for many businesses today. Large
investments are being deployed to craft customer experiences that meet the high-
quality standards that customers expect nowadays. This renewed focus on customer
service is expected to bring consistent operational improvement and top line
revenue growth for enterprises. According to a study from Gartner, 63% of
service and support leaders put the improvement of current self-service
experiences as front and center in their operational strategies. 58% already
have plans in place to pivot their customer service function to improve its
contribution to top-line revenue growth through new digital transformation.
Google Cloud's extensive Customer Engagement Suite (or CES), can help transform
an enterprise’s customer service by offering the following solutions: First, it
provides an interaction experience that is close to human. This is far from the
robotic, pre-recorded voices that often support the customer service experience
of many call centers. Then there is adaptive routing to reduce the need for
human escalation, as compared to the previous rules-based approach. Third, it
has the ability to empower human agents with the right information to resolve
customer queries as fast and efficiently as possible. It also consists of auto-
tuned, AI driven speech models that do not require regular tuning. Finally,
Google Cloud can also ensure an omni channel experience through the integration
to the billing and operations systems in the same platform. To summarize,
investing in a new, AI powered customer service experience can potentially
deliver 4 key benefits: The first is to boost agent and employee productivity.
The second is to improve self-service and deflection rates. The third benefit is
to modernize chat and voice infrastructure. And finally, the fourth benefit is
to enhance insights and customer predictions. Good conversational experiences
lead to better customer experiences which in turn greatly enhance the ability of
enterprises to thrive both financially and operationally.