VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Now that you know a little more about Vertex AI and Customer Engagement Suite
(CES), let’s dive into the building blocks of CES. The two main objectives of
this module are to understand the foundational blocks of the CES solution and
how each block empowers best in class customer service. The Customer Engagement
Suite Platform consists of a conversational core that supports three pillars.
These pillars include: Conversational Agents, Agent Assist, and Insights. Let’s
break these down. The first pillar is Conversational Agents. It’s like a parent
container that encompasses your entire chat bot, voice bot, or conversational
application. Conversational Agents can be built with Flows, which are powered by
natural language understanding, or NLU. Alternatively, it can be built with
Playbooks, which are powered by LLMs. Both of these allow it to comprehend and
respond to your customers’ questions and requests. Conversational Agents offer
three benefits. First, it delivers an on brand, omni-channel customer self-
service experience for voice and chat by getting answers to questions or
completing transactions conversationally, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week It also
allows customers to get fast responses to their queries based on Natural
Language Processing, which can parse topics based on the conversation, identify
the customer intent, and automatically respond accurately. And finally, when a
human agent is needed, the system enables a seamless transition by providing
them with conversation context, transcripts, and real-time guidance for a smooth
takeover. The second pillar of the conversational core is Agent Assist, also
known as the Empowering Coach. With Agent Assist, human agents are actively
supported during live conversations. It analyzes customer intent and provides
real-time suggestions and relevant information to the agent, aiding in
delivering more efficient and effective customer interactions. The NLU engine
and the LLMs also fuel Agent Assist, adding an extra layer of intelligence. In
scenarios where live agent support remains necessary, Agent Assist facilitates a
seamless transition from virtual to human interaction. When a call cannot be
resolved by the Conversational Agent, it is routed to a human agent. This
continuous support approach empowers human agents with transcripts of the
customer-Conversational Agent conversation, allowing them to continue the
interaction without repeating questions. Additionally, Conversational Agents
provide real-time assistance to human agents. This includes delivering relevant
information, guiding workflows, and offering turn-by-turn suggestions. This
ensures a consistent customer experience. Lastly, by rating these smart replies
for usefulness, live agents contribute to the model's learning, improving the
accuracy of assistance over time. The final pillar is Insights: The Knowledge
Vault CES Insights acts as a powerful analytics engine for Contact Centers. It
processes and analyzes historical conversation data, providing you with
actionable insights. This enables you to identify optimization opportunities,
improve operational efficiency, and enhance the overall customer experience.
Insights can greatly empower a business by providing a live dashboard with stats
like the number of calls received, the percentage split among intents, key
compliance phrases and more. These metrics, enabled by Natural Language
Processing, help businesses understand their customers better. Insights also
assists businesses with various compliance requirements by identifying key
phrases to help operations and QA stay on top of the enterprises most important
obligations. Lastly, Insights provides intelligence to businesses by surfacing
sentiment and language data on how live agents interact with customers. So,
there you have it – Google Cloud’s Customer Engagement Suite or CES, a three-
pillar powerhouse designed to elevate your Contact Center to new heights.
Remember, it's not just about replacing humans; it's about empowering them with
AI to create a seamless, efficient, and ultimately, customer-centric journey.
Now, let’s review some use cases that these technologies can help unlock. In
this example, a clinic wants to implement a conversational interface to allow
clinicians seamless access to patient information. Examples of possible use
cases include: A virtual nurse to help doctors with summarizations of medical
records. An AI assistant to review patient scans, x-rays, and charts to help
determine best treatment options. And a business that wants to create an
internal tool for searching and retrieving insurance codes based on patient
symptoms. Medical imaging can be slow, and analyzing documents or images can
often take doctors and nurses away from valuable time with patients. Having the
assistance of an AI powered Conversational Agent can speed up medical imaging
classification, helping healthcare professionals spend more time delivering
great care, and improving patient outcomes. Retail is another industry primed
for disruption with AI in customer services. In this example, a fast food chain
wants to streamline drive-thru ordering for a frictionless customer experience.
Examples of use cases include: A business that wants to create a chatbot to
answer Product FAQs. A business such as a large restaurant chain that wants to
create a multi-modal food order taking experience. A business is unsure why
customers are calling in and wants to identify conversational topics and areas
to focus self-service efforts. Lastly, AI powered Conversational Agents are
poised to transform customer service in the Telecommunications industry. Some
telco Conversational Agents use case examples are: A business looking to build a
voice virtual assistant for their contact center operations spanning across
multiple domains like Billing, Payments, Troubleshooting, and Accounts. A
business that wants real-time suggestions for call center agents to decrease
average handle time. And a business that requires an omni-channel solution to
categorize and summarize their calls. These use cases provide clear benefits to
both the enterprise and the customers.