VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Next, let’s zoom in on the business case around CES. When defining the business
case for a contact center, it’s good to look at customer service priorities
through 4 lenses and to consider some key questions. The first is Scale. When
analyzing scale, you could ask the following questions: Are interaction volume
and average handle time primary concerns? And are you looking to improve agent
C-SAT (shorthand for customer satisfaction) or occupancy rate? Next is cost. Are
costs per customer interaction, back office expenses, or overall customer volume
interaction costs driving decision-making? Also of importance is experience. Is
improving your customer satisfaction rates, reducing customer churn, and
optimizing interaction channels your primary concern? Finally, there’s Growth.
Consider the following question: Are increasing revenue with upsell and cross-
opportunities as well as decreasing your customer acquisition costs important?
Once the priorities are identified, there are many metrics used in the contact
center space to measure their degree of achievement. Ideally the goal of any use
case is to decrease cost while increasing efficiency, revenue and overall
customer experience. So of these numerous metrics, the ones that are most
commonly monitored are: volumes, average handle time, and containment rate.
Let’s dive deeper into each of these. Volume is the number of contacts coming
into a specific channel (either chat or voice) for a specific interaction,
function, intent or agent group. Average handle-time is how long it takes a live
agent to complete a customer interaction. Containment can be defined as the
percentage of users that are able to successfully complete a self-service
function without the need for human intervention. Most contact centers will have
immediate containment numbers. This is not always 100% accurate for determining
if a user was successful because users can and do call back when their issue is
not resolved. Because of this, most contact centers evaluate 48 hours or 72
hours containment for business priorities. 48 hours or 72 hours containment is a
better indicator of a user success because it tracks if the user has contacted
the company more than once for the same intent within a certain timeframe. Most
enterprises will have some layer of business logic that filters out certain
types of users. So when speaking about Volumes, it is crucial that you evaluate
not just Total volume but also analyze addressable volume. Addressable volume is
the total of contacts after screening out for various business rules. The
enterprise may also already have an incumbent solution containing calls (also
known as baseline). This would also subtract volumes for the new solution. So in
order to have a clear understanding of the potential impact of your new
solution, you must look at Total Volume, Addressable Volume, and Baseline
Contained to derive a realistic estimate of the total number of calls going to
self service. Total Volume is the top of the funnel traffic per function.
Addressable Volume is after business logic screening. Baseline Contained are the
calls already going to self-service. And Potential impact is the final volume
number. Average handle time is another key metric used to evaluate the
performance of a contact center. It measures how long it takes a live agent to
complete a customer interaction. It is generally measured as a percentage or
total time in minutes, and calculated as the cumulative total time spent on
calls or interactions divided by the number of calls or interactions. The longer
Average Handle Time the more complex the interaction. Lastly, Containment can be
defined as the percentage of customers that are able to successfully complete a
self-service function without the need for human intervention. Let’s analyze a
quick example of containment. Sarah asks to move her billing date from the fifth
to the twelfth. The Conversational Agent intelligently processes Sarah’s request
by updating her billing date and Ads profile. With the Billing date moved, Sarah
concludes the call. She never interacted with a human agent, so Sarah’s contacts
are contained. The reason why containment is often deemed to be the most
critical metric in a business leveraging CES, is because its benefits touch
every point in the customer and the human agent journey. Containing more calls
allows agents to focus on the most complex use cases. This includes the ones
with potential for up and cross selling which increases the average revenue per
user or ARPU. A higher containment usually indicates a good customer experience
with low churn and abandonment. Where customers are happy, agents are happy, and
their rate of attrition tends to decrease by an estimated 5 to 7%. It’s a win-
win situation for everyone, which is why CES is often positioned as the end-to-
end solution for all contact centres’ needs. A tactical way to determine the
opportunity for CES is to create a small business case leveraging the Contact
center call volume, average handle time, and average hourly rate. With these
three numbers you can create a simple equation to determine the dollar value of
the opportunity. For example, a customer gets 1000 contacts a day about their
product FAQs. The average handle time is 3 minutes and the live agents cost an
average of 21 dollars and 95 cents an hour. This is over 1000 dollars of cost
per day on answering product FAQs. Now let’ imagine that this company also
provides custom designs and manufacturing for flooring components. In this case
they have 100 contacts per day, each call takes 45 minutes and the average live
agent cost is 21 dollars and 95 cents per hour. The net cost is over 1600
dollars per day in opportunity. So the custom jobs customer service is on
average more expensive than the Product FAQ call center experience, despite
having one tenth of the incoming volumes. This indicates that the volume alone
is not a great indicator of opportunity size. From this example, it would be
more valuable to focus on custom jobs than product FAQs.