VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

In this topic, we’ll cover the key architectural considerations required when
planning for the implementation of Conversational Insights. The objectives for
this topic are as follows: Explain the preliminary decisions required to plan
for an Conversational Insights implementation, Describe the Conversational
Insights key features, Explain how the Conversational Insights key features can
be integrated with Conversational Agents, Agent Assist and other Cloud
components. And finally, list the target user personas who obtain the most value
leveraging Conversational Insights. Let’s dive right in! When planning for a
Conversational Insights implementation, it’s important to ask yourself four key
questions: First, what problem does Conversational Insights solve for my
organization? Next, what features will be most valuable for my use cases?
Thereafter, how does Conversational Insights integrate with other Google Cloud
components and other CES solutions? And finally, which user personas does
Conversational Insights solve for? Contact Centers generate large amounts of
data on a daily basis in the form of call recordings, chat transcripts, and
conversation metadata. These data sets are a rich source of crucial information,
but extracting insights out of this large amount of data can be a daunting task.
This is where Conversational Insights can offer significant value for Contact
Center management. Conversational Insights uses Google’s Large Language Models
(or LLMs) to transform contact center data from insights into action. Here’s how
Conversational Insights works: First, input data is uploaded in the form of
audio recordings or chat transcripts. Conversational Insights then converts the
audio files to text, and sends the chat and audio transcripts to Sensitive Data
Protection for processing. Within Conversational Insights, information can be
extracted, summarized, analyzed, and highlighted to inform various metrics, such
as customer satisfaction, and agent quality. Topic modeling is for discovering
various topics or areas of conversations (also referred to as “call drivers”)
between contact center agents and end users. Highlighters capture relevant
segments of a conversation that apply to a particular area of interest. A Smart
highlighter is pre-configured with a set of phrases such as: AUTHENTICATION
INFO, CHECK ISSUE RESOLVED, and CONFIRM ISSUE RESOLVED, while custom
highlighters can be created to capture any custom keywords or segments. While
analyzing the conversation, Conversational Insights provides sentiment analysis
and LLM summarization of a conversation. It also extracts important entities
such as price, model number and so on. The Conversational Insights console also
enables users to search any conversation based on: transcript keywords, agents,
metadata, topics, highlighters, summarization, entities and more. This data can
then be leveraged to take action, such as providing agent coaching, informing
the development of a Conversational Agent, or generally improving contact center
workflows. So how does this magic work behind the scenes? There are multiple
ways to ingest conversations into Conversational Insights. There is a live path
that ensures that as soon as conversations are completed in Conversational
Agents or Agent Assist, they are ingested into Conversational Insights
automatically. Integration between CES and Conversational Insights can also be
enabled. This sends audio files or transcripts to a Cloud Storage bucket, which
can be used later by Conversational Insights. Conversations can also be ingested
by directly uploading the audio files or transcripts in Cloud Storage bucket and
then importing them when required within Conversational Insights. All the paths
to ingest conversations into Conversational Insights use Speech-To-Text for
transcription and Sensitive Data Protection for data redaction. Once
conversations are ingested, the following can be applied: Topic modelling, Smart
and custom highlighters, Sentiment analysis, Summarization, Entities extraction
and more features into Conversational Insights. Thereafter, the conversations
can be exported into BigQuery to connect with a custom dashboard on Looker. The
exported conversations in BigQuery can also be used as data sources to build ML
models on Vertex AI. The second persona is the Contact Center Operations
Manager. Their goal is to predict workforce needs, and to ensure that staff and
tools are in place to handle call center volume and objectives. Their pain
points include forecasting and scheduling. Their desire is to use precise AI-
based planning to reduce burnout, and to assign the correct training courses to
staff members who need them. Topic modelling, along with metadata features like
turn counts or conversation length, are great features that appeal to this
persona. The last persona is the Agent Supervisor. Their goal is to ensure that
agents handle conversations effectively and meet contact center goals. Their
pain points are real-time awareness of agent performance, personalized coaching,
and agent burnout. The Agent Supervisor wants to use personalized data to help
individual agents improve and boost job satisfaction. Therefore, they’ll benefit
greatly from Conversational Insights’ ability to generate a conversation
summary, create a mapping of agents and topics successfully handled over time,
and finally, highlight important parts of a conversation, for example when an
agent correctly verifies a customer's account information.